[ADD] CRM: Resellers (#9679)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/crm/track_leads/resellers.rst

Configuration
=============

To utilize the reseller features, the *Resellers* module first needs to be installed. Navigate to
the :menuselection:`Apps` application, and remove the :guilabel:`Apps` filter from the
:guilabel:`Search...` bar. Then search for `Resellers`.

.. image:: resellers/resellers-module.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The resellers module in Odoo.

After the module is installed, navigate to the :menuselection:`CRM app`. Under the
:menuselection:`Configuration` menu is a new section, titled *Resellers*.

Partner levels
==============

Partner *levels* are used to differentiate between various resellers. To view the partner levels,
navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration --> Partner Levels`.

Three levels are created by default in the *CRM* app:

- :guilabel:`Gold`
- :guilabel:`Silver`
- :guilabel:`Bronze`

New levels can be added, as needed, and the existing levels can be edited and renamed, if desired.

.. image:: resellers/partners-webpage.png
   :align: center
   :alt: An example of the partners webpage, displaying available partners by level and location.

Level weight
------------

> Level weight is used to decide the probability a partner to be assigned a lead or opportunity. The
> level weight should be a numerical value, greater than zero. If the weight is zero, no leads are
> assigned.

Reviewer: For skimm-ability, how about adding instructions on getting to the Partner Levels page?

```suggestion
Level weight is used to decide the probability a partner to be assigned a lead or opportunity. To define a level weight, go to :menuselection:`(insert navigation instructions)` and click the desired partner level. Then, in the :guilabel:`Level Weight` field, assign a numerical value, greater than zero to it. If the weight is zero, no leads are
assigned.
```

report. To view the partner levels, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration -->
Partner Activations`.

Three activation types are created by default in the *CRM* app:

- :guilabel:`Fully Operational`
- :guilabel:`Ramp-up`
- :guilabel:`First Contact`

New levels can be added, as needed, and the existing levels can be edited and renamed, if desired.
To change the active status of an activation, slide the toggle of the desired activation to the
*inactive* position.

.. figure:: resellers/activations-toggle.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The list of default partner activations in the CRM app.

   The list of default Partner Activations in the CRM app. The toggle for First Contact is in the
   inactive position, while the rest are active.

Partner assignments
===================

After partner levels and partner activations have been configured, individual partner records can be
configured.

To update an individual partner record, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Sales -->
Customers`, and click the Kanban card for the desired partner to open the customer record.

On the customer record, click the :guilabel:`Partner Assignment` tab.

> Click in the :guilabel:`Partner Level` field, and select an option from the drop-down menu to assign

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the :guilabel:`Partner Level` field, and select an option from the drop-down menu to assign
```

a level. Then, click the :guilabel:`Level Weight` field to assign a different level weight, if

> necessary.

Reviewer: Do we also have to assign one of the Parnter activations we created in Activation field too?

I think it'd be valuable to include these instructions, because as someone without much experience with the CRM app, I'm not sure why we need to set up the different Partner Activation tiers.

![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/a1ee3ce3-7c73-473f-9b9b-f5bc039c7ad1)

Author: The activation field is not required, it is for internal tracking use, and reporting. I will add a note to that effect.

Publish partners
================

> To publish a list of all active partners on the website, a new webpage needs to first be created.

Reviewer: Since customers don't HAVE to do this to setup resellers in the CRM app, how about using more passive language?

```suggestion
With the Odoo *Website* app installed, a new webpage can be created to display a list of all active partners from the *CRM* app.
```

Navigate to :menuselection:`Website app --> Site --> Pages` and click :guilabel:`New`. Hover over
the :guilabel:`Blank Page` template, and click the :guilabel:`Use this template` button to create a
new page.

.. image:: resellers/blank-page-template.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The create new page pop-up in the Website app.

> In the :guilabel:`New Page` pop-up window, enter `Partners` in the :guilabel:`Page Title` field.

Reviewer: Written in passive language since customers don't *have* to name it this way
```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`New Page` pop-up window, enter a :guilabel:`Page Title`, e.g. `Partners`.
```

Level weight
------------

Level weight is used to decide the probability a partner to be assigned a lead or opportunity. To
define a level weight, go to :menuselection:`(insert navigation instructions)` and click the desired
partner level. Then, in the :guilabel:`Level Weight` field, assign a numerical value, greater than
zero to it. If the weight is zero, no leads are assigned.

.. tip::
   Level weight can be assigned on an individual contact record. The weight assigned on the
   individual record overwrites the default weight assigned on the level configuration form.

.. _crm/partner-activations:

Partner activations
===================

Partner *activations* are used to identify the status of a partner. Activations are assigned on an
individual contact record, and can be used to group or filter the :guilabel:`Partnership Analysis`
report. To view the partner levels, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration -->
Partner Activations`.

Three activation types are created by default in the *CRM* app:

- :guilabel:`Fully Operational`
- :guilabel:`Ramp-up`
- :guilabel:`First Contact`

> New levels can be added, as needed, and the existing levels can be edited and renamed, if desired.
> To change the active status of an activation, slide the toggle of the desired activation to the
> *inactive* position.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
New partner activations can be added, as needed, by clicking :guilabel:`New`, and entering a :guilabel:`Name` on the new line that appears. Then, select the desired status in the :guilabel:`Active` column. 

Existing partner activations can also be edited and renamed, if desired. To rename a status, click the :guilabel:`Name` field of a desired level, and enter a new name.

To change the active status of an activation, slide the toggle in the :guilabel:`Active` column of the desired activation to the *inactive* position.
```

.. figure:: resellers/activations-toggle.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The list of default partner activations in the CRM app.

   The list of default Partner Activations in the CRM app. The toggle for First Contact is in the
   inactive position, while the rest are active.

Partner assignments
===================

After partner levels and partner activations have been configured, individual partner records can be
configured.

To update an individual partner record, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Sales -->
Customers`, and click the Kanban card for the desired partner to open the customer record.

On the customer record, click the :guilabel:`Partner Assignment` tab.

Click the :guilabel:`Partner Level` field, and select an option from the drop-down menu to assign a

> level. Select a :guilabel:`Partner Activation` type from the drop-down list, if desired. Then, click

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
level. Click the :guilabel:`Activation` field, and select a partner activation type from the drop-down list, if desired. Then, click
```

the :guilabel:`Level Weight` field to assign a different level weight, if necessary.

Publish partners
================

With the Odoo *Website* app installed, a new webpage can be created to display a list of all active

> partners from the *CRM* app. Navigate to :menuselection:`Website app --> Site --> Pages` and click

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
partners from the *CRM* app. Navigate to :menuselection:`Website app --> Site --> Pages`, and click
```

:guilabel:`New`. Hover over the :guilabel:`Blank Page` template, and click the :guilabel:`Use this

> template` button to create a new page.

Reviewer 2: I mentioned this in a previous, recent PR of yours, but I believe this same process can be accomplished, via :menuselection:`Website app --> +New --> Page --> Blank Page....etc.`

Might be worth mentioning to give the reader to knowledge and the option... just something to consider during your revisions

.. image:: resellers/blank-page-template.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The create new page pop-up in the Website app.

> In the :guilabel:`New Page` pop-up window, enter a :guilabel:`Page Title`, e.g. `Partners`. Then

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`New Page` pop-up window, enter a :guilabel:`Page Title` (e.g. `Partners`). Then,
```

Reviewer 2: Do you want to mention the 'Add to menu' toggle switch in this pop-up window?

> click :guilabel:`Create`. In the :guilabel:`Edit` toolbar on the far right of the page, click

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
click :guilabel:`Create`. In the toolbar on the far-right of the page, click
```
The word Edit doesn't appear on the screen at this point

Do you want to possibly suggest that the user can choose to make additional design adjustments from this toolbar before clicking save? Just a thought...

:guilabel:`Save`.

Next, return to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Sales --> Customers`, and click the Kanban card for a
partner. From that partner's contact form, click the :guilabel:`Go to Website` smart button at the
top of the page to open that partner's webpage.

Next, click :guilabel:`Edit` at the top-right of the partner's webpage, and use the :doc:`building
blocks <../../../websites/website/web_design/building_blocks>` to add any additional design
elements, or information about the partner.

.. tip::
  A company summary is a useful addition to this page.

> 

Reviewer 3: Test

After making any necessary changes to the page, click :guilabel:`Save`. At the top of the page,

> slide the :guilabel:`Unpublished` toggle to the active, :guilabel:`Published` position.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
slide the :guilabel:`Unpublished` toggle to the active, :guilabel:`Published` position, if needed.
```
OPTIONAL: adding "if needed" just in case a partner page has already been published in the past... just a suggestion...
Could even reword to say "make sure the page is published, by...etc."

To change the active status of an activation, slide the toggle in the :guilabel:`Active` column of
the desired activation to the *inactive* position.

.. figure:: resellers/activations-toggle.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The list of default partner activations in the CRM app.

   The list of default Partner Activations in the CRM app. The toggle for First Contact is in the
   inactive position, while the rest are active.

Partner assignments
===================

After :ref:`partner levels <crm/partner-levels>` and :ref:`partner activations
<crm/partner-activations>` configured.

To update an individual partner record, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Sales -->
Customers`, and click the Kanban card for the desired partner to open the customer record.

On the customer record, click the :guilabel:`Partner Assignment` tab.

Click the :guilabel:`Partner Level` field, and select an option from the drop-down menu to assign a
level. Click the :guilabel:`Activation` field, and select a partner activation type from the
drop-down list, if desired. Then, click the :guilabel:`Level Weight` field to assign a different
level weight, if necessary.

Publish partners
================

> With the Odoo *Website* and *Resellers* apps installed, a new webpage is created to display a list
> of all active partners from the *CRM* app.

Reviewer 3: It would be helpful to show the new webpage's URL :)
```suggestion
With the Odoo *Website* and *Resellers* apps installed, a new webpage (`/partners`) is created to display a list
of all active partners from the *CRM* app.
```

To change the active status of an activation, slide the toggle in the :guilabel:`Active` column of
the desired activation to the *inactive* position.

.. figure:: resellers/activations-toggle.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The list of default partner activations in the CRM app.

   The list of default Partner Activations in the CRM app. The toggle for First Contact is in the
   inactive position, while the rest are active.

Partner assignments
===================

After partner levels and partner activations have been configured, individual partner records can be
configured.

To update an individual partner record, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Sales -->
Customers`, and click the Kanban card for the desired partner to open the customer record.

On the customer record, click the :guilabel:`Partner Assignment` tab.

Click the :guilabel:`Partner Level` field, and select an option from the drop-down menu to assign a
level. Click the :guilabel:`Activation` field, and select a partner activation type from the
drop-down list, if desired. Then, click the :guilabel:`Level Weight` field to assign a different
level weight, if necessary.

Publish partners
================

> With the Odoo *Website* app installed, a new webpage can be created to display a list of all active
> partners from the *CRM* app. Navigate to :menuselection:`Website app --> Site --> Pages`, and click
> :guilabel:`New`. Hover over the :guilabel:`Blank Page` template, and click the :guilabel:`Use this
> template` button to create a new page.
> 
> .. image:: resellers/blank-page-template.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: The create new page pop-up in the Website app.
> 
> In the :guilabel:`New Page` pop-up window, enter a :guilabel:`Page Title` (e.g. `Partners`). Then,
> click :guilabel:`Create`. In the toolbar on the far-right of the page, click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer 3: This doesnt seem correct to me, and maybe I am missing something– but please double check the following:

The `<yourodoowebsite.com>/partners` page is created automatically. Any published partners automatically display on this page, grouped by their partner level. I don't see a need to create a "Partners" page, nor (do people say _nor_? 🤔) do the instructions detail how to add the dynamic partners to the new page for display.

I am also pretty sure **only** partners that have a contact type as _Company_ are displayed on this website page, which may be a good idea to specify.

```suggestion
With the Odoo *Website* app installed, a new webpage is created to display a list of all active
partners from the *CRM* app.
```

Next, return to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Sales --> Customers`, and click the Kanban card for a
partner. From that partner's contact form, click the :guilabel:`Go to Website` smart button at the
top of the page to open that partner's webpage.

Next, click :guilabel:`Edit` at the top-right of the partner's webpage, and use the :doc:`building
blocks <../../../websites/website/web_design/building_blocks>` to add any additional design
elements, or information about the partner.

.. tip::

>   A company summary is a useful addition to this page.

Reviewer 3: Needs another indenting space :)
```suggestion
   A company summary is a useful addition to this page.
```
